DAVID:
Steve,
of course Janet said no.
You didn't have a ring.
Yeah, you didn't get
down on one knee.
I think she got the idea!
Hey, if you don't
get down on one knee,
-the girl has to say no.
-DAVID: Steve,
you got to tell her.
I have actually been married,
Steve-- listen to me.
Supplication is the key.
She's lucky to have him.
They're lucky
to have each other.
Remember that.
Ask, get ready to beg.
If she smells fear,
you're through.
You clear on all this, Steve?
Oh, yeah. Real clear.
You guys have been
a tremendous help.
KELLY:
Okay, how he asked you
was lame, but he asked you.
Steve's a great guy;
he's the father of your child,
and he asks you to marry him,
you say no, I don't get it.
Steve is a great guy,
and I think that someday
he'll even be a great dad,
but he's also ambivalent.
And I don't have time
for that right now.
I think that's smart.
-Weren't you just leaving?
-Marriage is
hard enough when both people
are equally committed.
That's all I'm saying.
Your baby needs a dad.
All right, check this out.
-DYLAN: Ooh, nice!
-Wow!
You don't think
it's too much?
-No.
-Nah, it's great, considering
it's been in your
trunk all week.
DAVID: Dude, what are
you waiting for?
Well, she turned me down once.
Part of me thinks I should
just leave it at that.
Nah, no way. Look,
show-show us your proposal.
-I don't think so.
-DAVID: Yeah.
Noah, be Janet.
What?
Without my lip gloss?
-Steve, come on.
-I'll give it a shot. Come on.
-DAVID: Let's go.
-NOAH: Come on.
(snickers)
Janet, I know
we've been through a lot,
and I know you're worried
about my commitment...
...but I think
you're the most
incredibly... ugly...
hairy-knuckled...
-I'll never be able to fake...
-That does not work at all.
-This...
-Dude, you're horrible.
No, trust me, you're in there,
Romeo. Yeah.
These are for you guys.
For you.
(laughs):
Lamaze classes,
baby CPR classes,
babyproofing classes.
Sales at the baby store.
A to-do list: crib, bunting,
doctors' appointments...
The ultrasound, so I can find
out the baby's sex.
You want to know?
Well, for organizational
purposes only,
because then I can
pick out sheets
and clothes and the color
of the nursery.
Why aren't we talking
about Steve?
Don't you see, you guys?
I love Steve,
but I just have too much to do
to worry about him.
So you turned him down
because you're too busy?
If it were me,
I'd take him back,
because I can handle his
indecision.
A baby can't.
And that's why the answer's no.
I didn't realize you had such
beautiful eyes, Steve. Really.
(laughs)
Well, thanks for nothing.
(chuckling)
You know, Steve,
I expect to be
the best man, right?
-Yeah.
-Hey, I'm serious. Best man.
Okay.
She's gonna say no, isn't she?
Look, I don't see how
she can want
your kid and not want you.
What if she does? Then what?
Brother, you're gonna be fine.
Thanks, D.
(fingers snap)
(sighs)
♪ ♪
(dance music playing)
♪♪
♪ ♪
Hey.
Hi.
You were up awfully early
this morning.
I called the house at 8:00, and
Steve said you'd already left.
Yeah, I had an early meeting.
But she's late, as usual.
Could we try that again?
I had an early meeting,
and she's late, as usual.
Now I know I'm in trouble.
Yeah. I was thinking
about what you said
to Janet last night.
Has she decided what to do?
She is not going
to be with Steve.
So now you're mad at me
because I said marriage is hard?
She wanted to imagine
that it would be awful,
and you helped her do that.
Matt, he threatened
the babysitter
in front of the children.
And then he drove Mackenzie
to kindergarten
in the front seat,
with an airbag.
Okay, maybe we should
go up to my office, okay?
Look, I want full custody.
I don't care what it costs.
And if he comes
to my house again,
I want a restraining order.
Okay, Judy, give me
two minutes, okay?
(whispers):
Bop-bop-bop-bop-bop.
Perfect example
of what I'm talking about.
Married 17 years
to her high school sweetheart.
He was the quarterback,
she was the cheerleader.
They both thought it was
gonna be forever.
Nearly half of all marriages end
in divorce.
That doesn't mean people
shouldn't get married.
I didn't tell Janet
not to marry Steve.
All is said was
for her to be cautious.
Oh, that's
a ringing endorsement.
My experience tells me
not to believe in forever,
and that's all I was trying
to say.
Well, you picked a bad time
to say it.
My client's waiting.
(funky rock music playing)
Can I help you?
Yeah, I'm here
to see Rick Miller.
And you are?
David Silver.
Uh-huh, the guy
from the After Dark.
The one who says
that all women secretly wish
to be one of Charlie's Angels.
Hey, there he is!
Number one with a bullet.
Hey, yeah, I'm doing
pretty good, right?
Good? You, my friend,
got guys calling in
by the truckload.
Hey, I wouldn't date a feminist
if I were you.
But who would?
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah. Uh, can I get a minute?
(whispers):
Yeah.
You know, I-I think
you might have
-the wrong impression of me.
-Oh, I know.
Because if I got to know you,
I would see that deep inner pain
that causes you to be
such a jerk on your show.
Exactly.
I have a meeting,
but, uh, if you write down
your number,
I'll give you a call and...
then you can judge for yourself.
Plus, you've got
a little bit of a Jaclyn Smith
thing going on,
and I kinda like it.
(snickers)
Oh, well.
We, uh, could have gone
to your place...
Oh, that's okay.
There's a kids' clothing store
down the street
I wanted to check out.
Uh, are you comfortable?
Can I get you anything
to drink or...?
-I'm fine.
-Okay.
But, uh, we might as well
just get right to it
'cause I know you want
to talk about Steve.
Actually, I don't want
I want to talk about you.
I think
what you're doing is wrong.
I don't need this right now.
Hi!
Hi.
Oh, what a day I had!
So glad to be home.
-Hi.
Could you give us a minute,
please?
Oh.
Oh, right, sure.
Um, okay.
Sure.
Okay, nobody else
would say this to you,
but I will.
I think you're being selfish.
-I'm looking out for my child.
-How?
By pushing him away
from his father?
GINA:
Sorry.
-(chuckles)
-DYLAN: I gotta tell you,
I wouldn't have blamed Steve
if he ran away,
but he did  not run away.
He stepped up,
because you asked him to.
I have to go.
Janet, you got no right
to do this.
And you have no right
to do  this.
Great. I'll have Noah Hunter
call you to confirm.
Oh, please, Wayne's the one
you should thank.
He never could stop
promoting you.
Great. Thanks. Bye.
(knocking)
Janet, I love you.
Marry me.
Oh, that's right, cheat on me.
(laughs)
You mind?
(knocking continues)
Hi.
Hey. Come on in.
I brought you something.
What's this?
-I got a demo.
-Let's check it out.
I thought you might like it.
You need them
for tomorrow night, right?
Wait a second.
You already checked.
Well, I was just listening
to the CD,
and I thought... Yeah, I did.
-(laughs)
-All right, thank you.
-Mm-hm.
-I've got a great idea.
Why don't you and I go listen
to this right now, together?
I'd like that.
All right.
So how'd you hear
about this band, anyway?
Oh, I-I think a customer
mentioned it
at the store or something.
Anyway, try track four.
-It's the best one.
-Four?
Yeah. Well, I think
it's the best.
Okay, let's check it out.
(phone rings)
Hello.
"Is this Gina Kincaid's room?"
Uh, well, Gina Kincaid is here.
Would you like to speak to her?
-Hey, Gina!
-Hi. Oh.
It's for you.
Great. Hello?!
Oh, hi, Mom.
Yeah-yeah, this is
the right forwarding number.
Mm-hmm. Oh, and things
got a little cramped
at the beach apartment.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, yeah, it's posh,
right? (giggles)
Uh, listen, I gotta go
right now.
I'll call you tomorrow.
Okay. Bye.
Oh, Mom, the bathroom
floor's heated.
-Hi, gorgeous.
-(phone rings)
Oh. Hello?
Yes, it's heated.
-Sorry.
-(sighs)
-It's okay.
How you doing?
I'm...
Oh, you're working.
-Yeah, I'm-I'm good, I'm good.
-Need help?
-Listen, no. You know what?
-Oh...
You know how into you
I am, right?
Mm-hmm.
And I'm-I'm very happy that
we're together right now.
Right?
Right.
(chuckles)
Well, there's just
a little problem wi...
with the living situation.
There is?
Kind of.
Because, you know, we never
really talked
about moving in together.
Oh. I know.
It just kind of happened.
I mean, David kicked you out.
-And Donna kicked me out.
-(murmurs)
And neither one of us
had a place to stay,
and now we do.
Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, we both got kicked out,
that's true.
But see, I-I do have a place.
This is my place,
and-and I just...
Well, I don't know if...
if my place
is-is big enough for two of us.
What?
(Steve sighs)
Janet, I've been giving
it a lot of thought.
No, that's
a little too lawyerly.
Janet, I know we're in
this weird position...
No, that's weird.
This is a very expensive ring
and...
(knocking)
What does a guy have to do
to get a little privacy
in his own...?!
If this is a bad time,
I can come back.
No, no, I was, um, just reading.
-Maxim?
-Yeah, well, you know.
Hey, I'm glad you're here.
There's something I want to say.
-Listen... -Uh, sit over here,
sit over here.
Little better.
Yeah, that's better.
I want you to stop
siccing your friends on me.
What are you talking about?
What we're going through
is very personal and private,
and I don't appreciate
being pressured.
Into making the wrong decision?
Into changing my mind.
Huh.
Well, I'm sorry
if they overstepped.
This is for you.
It's a schedule.
-Schedule?
-Mm-hmm.
You're the dad,
so you should know--
everything about the pregnancy
is on there.
I see you have an ultrasound
scheduled.
I want to know if it's
a boy or a girl.
Oh, I don't want to know that.
Then you shouldn't come.
Because no matter what I want,
you're going to find out
the sex, anyway.
Why am I not surprised?
You want to say something?
Yeah, I did very badly,
but forget it.
(door slams)
-GINA:  Hey, that's for you.
-MAN:  Thank you.
GINA:  Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I'll get that.
-Thank you.
-You got it.
Would you get
these doors for me?
Thanks.
Morning!
I got you coffee--
black, of course.
And... Oh, I got you eggs,
-just the way you like 'em.
-(sighs)
-And some-- a little sausage.
-Oh...
Careful.
-(sighs)
-Thanks.
Thanks.
Morning...
Oh, I got you the paper, too.
There you go.
-Oh...
-You can have the front page.
I'll read this.
I want to see about...
Oh, yeah,
this is what I wanted to see.
There's an article
on, um, New Year's Eve.
It's the millennium.
What do you want to do.
Oh, here, you read it to me.
Go ahead.
This isn't going to work.
You're not trying, Dylan.
No, I am trying.
I... Look, I like the way
things are with us.
I don't... I don't want
to mess with it.
Oh, I see.
So you're kicking me out
to prevent problems?
That and, you know, we're kind
of on top of each other here.
Oh, so it's a space issue.
-It's a lot of things.
-Like what, Dylan?
No, come on, like what?
Tell me the real reason why
you're evicting me. Go ahead.
Well, I'm not evicting you.
-You're not?
-No.
I...
-Look, Gina...
-Just forget it.
-Hey...
-Dylan, no don't e...
Just go to hell.
Got everything you need?
Yeah, a quick sound check
and we're set for tonight.
All right, man, listen, you guys
are doing a really good job.
Listen, I want to thank you
for giving us a shot.
I'm making out on this deal.
Man, you guys are going
to be huge-- big stadiums,
-world tours, the whole works.
-Yeah, I like the way you think.
You're crazy, but I like it.
Well, uh, maybe the world tours
can wait,
but, uh... not the groupies.
There's a plus.
Yeah, yeah,
I'm sure you'll manage.
Hey, if it was groupies
I wanted,
I'd go into my cousin's
line of work.
Chet, if it's groupies you want,
there is no other line of work,
man, believe me.
Beach volleyball.
Your cousin plays
beach volleyball, huh?
Yeah, one of the best.
His name's Wayne Moses.
That guy's your cousin?
Yep.
He dated a girl I know.
She say he was a major dog?
Yeah, you know, that's
exactly what she said.
(both chuckle)
All right.
So, Steve wanted to propose?
Mm-hmm.
Had the ring and everything.
But before he could
get down on one knee,
Janet took his head off.
So, now they're farther
apart then ever?
Maybe we should all sit down
with them or something.
Yeah, skip matchmaking,
go straight to intervention.
Well, it worked for me.
Of course, I was just an addict.
Being a parent's a lot scarier.
-How dare you?!
-Keep him away from me.
MAN:
On our anniversary.
You stood up in front
of our friends.
You said how wonderful I am.
Now all of a sudden, I'm a
threat to you and the children?
Why don't you just calm down?
No, she's trying to take
my children away from me!
The deposition ended an hour
ago, Mr. Spencer.
Excuse me for taking some time
getting over being called--
what was it-- "volatile"?
I read the papers you filed.
The things you said about me?
You don't even know me.
I miss my boys.
(sighs) I want you to go up
to my office.
We'll wait until we know
he's gone, okay?
-Yeah.
-Want something to drink?
-Yeah, a coffee.
-Coffee, okay.
Thanks.
Sorry about that.
One of them have an affair?
No, just change--
drifted apart.
-Hmm.
-Happens all the time.
Nothing lasts forever.
That's so depressing.
You have no idea.
-Hey.
-(rock song playing)
I hate men.
(chuckles)
Well, that's an icebreaker.
They're must selfish and spoiled
and... they never grow up.
Not all men, Gina,
just the ones you seem
to be attracted to.
You know, Dylan
could be so great.
Oh, oh, so that's...
that's why you're with him.
'Cause he has potential
to be great.
Yeah.
And he's extremely sexy.
I got to go do my show.
I'll see you.
Noah.
Hey, I'm expecting Janet.
Have you seen her?
I was checking I.D.s.
It's so funny, we're trying
to get them together,
they don't even know about it.
Look, I'm a little busy
right now, okay?
Well, wait, what do you think
of the band?
They're great, right?
Yeah, yeah, they're fabulous.
Do I get, like, drinks
on the house, or maybe,
oh, just a little,
"Thank you, Donna Martin,"
from the stage or something?
I know Wayne told you
about the band.
So, what difference
does it make?
What difference does it make?
You lied to me.
Would you have hired them
if I had told you the truth?
That is not the point here.
So, technically, yeah, I lied.
But you were in a tight spot.
I was just trying
to help you out.
Well, next time,
spare me the favor, okay?
Check this out.
(keypad beeps)
(phone ringing)
You guys will like this.
Watch.
(clearing throat)
ROBYN:
Hello.
-Robyn, hi, it's David Silver.
-(slow R&B song plays)
-How you doing?
-I'm okay.
Uh, you're on the air.
You okay with that?
No.
I was thinking maybe we could
go out sometime.
You are so lying.
Everyone, say hi to Robyn,
please.
ALL:
Hi, Robyn.
Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no!
I will kill you. You do know
this. I will kill you.
Well, you're gonna have
to go out
with me first, all right?
What are you listening to?
FX reruns  Quincy on Thursdays.
I was thinking maybe
I could bring the popcorn--
-we can make a night of it?
-You're weird.
Is that a yes?
Well...
I suppose it is.
MAN (on recording):
Goal...!
(cheering and applause)
(laughing)
Thank you.
I mean, Janet might
have said yes.
Yeah, if I wanted her to...
to dice my heart
into shish kebob-like slices.
No, you didn't
show her the ring.
The ring is the money.
No, the only millions a girl
wants from you
are those little tadpoles
swimming inside your shorts.
All right.
The tadpoles are the money.
-Oh. Hey.
-There you are.
I'm so sorry, the crib
wasn't delivered.
And I waited for, like, ever.
And then I tried to call you
and tell you I wasn't coming,
because...
I really can't handle
this right now.
Janet, wait, I know you have
a thousand things on your mind,
but, um... it's important.
It's about Steve.
Look, do you want to marry
Janet or not?
Not if she doesn't want
to marry me.
Forget about that.
What do you want?
I want to marry Janet.
Then ask her.
You know what,
I'm going to do it.
I'm gonna ask her.
All right.
But not without the ring.
-The ring's the money.
-That's right.
I need to practice.
Oh, Noah, people are going
to start to talk.
Yeah, they are.
Janet, will you marry me?
DONNA:
You guys are great together.
JANET:
I don't want to be with Steve.
Steve, hi.
Uh, Janet, look who it is,
it's Steve.
I'm gonna be sick.
So you thought the way I asked
Robyn out was rude?
FEMALE CALLER:
It was disgraceful.
She said yes.
She's obviously
very disturbed.
DAVID:
Listen to me, all right?
Women love jerks.
Take my friend Doug,
for example.
He steals this girl away
from his roommate.
Asks her to move in.
She says yes.
He gets sick of her,
kicks her out.
She loves him more than ever.
He wants service with a smile,
and guess what,
she gives it to him.
Moron.
What the hell is
your problem, huh?
You know, Dylan, a simple
"thank you" would do, all right?
-For what? -I just turned you
into a folk hero.
Tell you what, David,
you do not discuss
my personal business on
your little radio show.
You know what I just realized?
Me talking about what a jerk
you are
is actually making me a star.
And I should be thanking you.
My God, Dylan, I'm sorry.
Thank you.
(R&B song continues)
♪ ♪
STEVE:
Oh, please! That's impossible.
I'd like to forget about her,
but I can't.
Well, doesn't sound
to me like you have
a lot of choice.
She's having my kid!
I didn't say forget
about the kid.
I said forget his mom.
Look, Steve, you are going to be
a single parent.
Now, the sooner
you make peace with that,
the sooner you are
gonna see that for the total
utter chick magnet that it is.
What?
Oh.
Why don't you tell Gina
I said good luck
with the house hunting?
Right.
Janet.
I like neat.
I like a neat desk,
neat drawers.
I like charts and graphs
and schedules.
I like order.
I thrive on order,
and, right now,
I don't have order.
I have chaos. And I hate chaos.
Chaos just freaks me out.
And chaos is messy.
You are messy!
Ergo, I freak you out.
Completely!
Because I'm messy?
(voice breaking): And
unpredictable and unreliable,
and I am so completely in love
with you, it terrifies me!
Janet...
Don't, okay?!
Just...
(sniffles)
The thing is, Steve, is
that you surprise me,
and sometimes that is so great.
And sometimes...
I'm sorry,
but I just can't
be surprised right now.
Hey.
What are you doing here?
Matt told me where you'd be.
Look, I-I want to apologize.
I'm sorry. I should
have told you
how I knew about the band.
Okay, why didn't you?
'Cause I thought
it would hurt your feelings.
It's a little late for that.
Look, I am so embarrassed
about what happened
with Wayne.
It was stupid, and I wish it'd
never happened.
Yeah? It did.
Yeah, and it did with you
and Cherise, too.
I know where you ate,
what you did.
I could, I could let this
freak me out
or I can deal with it.
What happened with me and
Cherise was after we broke up.
Okay? I wasn't unfaithful.
Well, it still hurts.
It's not even close.
I know.
Look, I know this is
harder for you,
but they're out
of our lives now,
and as soon as you and I can
start focusing on us again,
the sooner we can move on
with our lives.
This one, right here.
Two bedrooms, two bath,
hardwood floors, fireplace,
-Jacuzzi...
-Oh, stop!
I don't want
to hear about it!
They can make
a death camp sound inviting.
Ugh!
We'll find something.
No, I'm gonna find something.
Just... You know what?
I don't, I don't need you.
I mean, I don't need
your help.
Don't you think you're making
a little much out of this?
Yeah, Dylan, I'm sure somehow
it's my fault
that you don't want
to live with me.
No, it's not anyone's fault.
It's just not...
it's not the right time.
Or maybe I'm just not
the right girl.
I really want to do
this alone, all right?
Yeah, but I wanted to help...
I want to do this alone, okay?
Just go away.
(funky rock song playing)
So that's where your
whole radio bit comes from?
Pretty much, yeah.
You as a loser?
Well, in high school, um,
I was five-four.
I had really big hair--
much bigger than it is now--
and an extremely high voice.
So you were the trusty,
reliable best friend...
I just thought my listeners
would appreciate
a few tips on avoiding
the "I love you, but I'm not in
love with you" speech.
See, now, I just don't see
anybody giving you that speech.
Oh, that's good.
(soft music plays)
You want to dance?
You know, is this part
of the whole routine?
I mean, you know,
rule number one:
"On first date, tell sob story."
No, rule number one is
"Make her feel like a queen."
The whole dweeb story's
optional.
Let's dance. Come on.
Yeah, dancing
would be good, huh?
Thank you.
For what?
For going out with me tonight.
See? This is nice.
Just you and I.
You know I love you?
What?
I'm sorry. I-I just hate
your attitude.
I had a difficult marriage.
My parents are divorced.
That just affects how I think.
You don't believe in
happily ever after.
That affects how I think.
Just because I worry
about our future
doesn't mean I don't think
we have one.
Let's just...
let's just forget it.
Great.
(Judy laughs)
Isn't that your client?
Judy.
Looks like she's
having a good time.
Know what? On second thought,
I'd like to go home.
You want to go home just because
Judy's having fun?
No, because Judy's divorced
and you're divorced,
and practically everybody I know
is divorced.
And Steve and Janet are getting
divorced before they ever
-get married.
-She's happy. I'm happy.
You're waiting to be unhappy.
It's like you're expecting it.
And the thought that I should
be expecting it, too...
depresses the hell out of me.
You're a good dancer.
I'm sorry. What was that?
I said I like this.
DONNA:
The construction manual
says the spring goes between
the rail and the bracket.
Rail and the bracket, of course.
The joys of single motherhood.
Matt could not annoy me more.
Sure he could.
He could be Steve.
(doorbell rings)
Or Noah.
Even a distant third could be
quite disturbing.
He has this saying:
He doesn't believe
in forever.
It's like the Hallmark card
from hell.
-(gasps)
-Are you okay? -(door opens)
I think the baby just kicked me.
(door closes)
Right here.
Ooh, I felt that!
(gasps)
Oh... Oh...
Steve's here.
Just tell him
to wait a minute.
I'm okay. I'm okay.
I like messy.
Messy's good.
I thrive on messy.
Yeah, I know,
and that's the problem.
No, the problem is neat.
It's tidy. It's meticulous.
I got news for you, Janet.
Life isn't about charts
or graphs.
It's about dealing
with disorder!
That's what life's about.
Everything that's on that list,
Steve, is important:
doctors' appointments,
ultrasounds, all confirmed,
all-all important,
all scheduled.
Well, that must come
as quite a relief for you.
You can find out the baby's sex
and paint the nursery
accordingly.
Yeah, well, I care enough
to find out.
I care.
I just don't feel the need
to prove my affections towards
my child to anyone.
I know.
(voice breaking):
I don't want to know,
'cause I want to be surprised.
I want to stand next to you
in the delivery room
and squeeze your hand
when the doctor tells us
we're gonna have a boy o...
or a girl!
(sniffles)
And then I want to come home,
and I want to trip
over that kid's toys and...
clean up his mess.
His mess.
Our mess.
(sighs)
GINA:
Mm-hmm.
Great. Yeah, i-it says
wall-to-wall carpeting--
what is that, shag?
Yeah, it's lovely.
Listne, it says that it's
sunny-- is it sunny?
Yeah, you know what,
just forget it,
I-I'll come down.
Yeah, yeah, I'm...
I'm on my way.
Bye.
On my way to Reseda.
You know, I had a client
that lived in Reseda.
Claimed her neighbor's dog
was the reincarnation
-of her dead husband.
-Oh, I don't deserve this.
GINA:
Hi.
-Hi.
-Judy, I'm glad you're here.
Uh, the next deposition is
in an hour, and I have
a lot of questions for you.
Um, what I want to do is focus
on your husband's temper.
You know, things
he said in anger,
times he raised his voice.
He's a good man.
Yeah, I'm sure he is.
A good father, too.
Judy...
I will go in whatever direction
you're comfortable with,
but this is a custody battle,
and custody battles
tend to get ugly.
Your husband's lawyers are gonna
try to rip you apart in court.
That's why we've got to be
prepared for the fight.
We're talking
about reconciliation.
Um...
all right, maybe... I had
a few too many root beers,
but didn't I see you
at the Peach Pit After Dark
last night, dancing?
Hmm? With someone
other than your husband?
Frank Norton-- divorced father
of a friend of my oldest.
For years, I'd see him
at school functions
and wonder, "What if...?"
Now I know.
First kiss-- tongue from hell.
(chuckles)
Judy, I was under the impression
there was more to your
separation than that.
I mean, you sat right here
and talked about growing apart.
You-You sat here
and talked about
not knowing each other anymore.
I thought those were reasons
to give up; I was wrong.
So now you want
to stay together,
even though you admit that
what you had didn't last.
What we had changed.
And like a lot of people,
we didn't
see it happening,
and we panicked
when we realized it had.
But it didn't end.
I don't think it ever will.
And now you think it's forever.
Yes, I do.
(sighs)
There's the head,
and the spinal cord,
the feet and toes.
We can estimate
the height and weight
and project what
the baby will be at birth.
-Do you want to know?
-Are you kidding?
I want to know everything.
Hi.
Sorry I'm late.
How's my baby?
Doing great.
How's my girl?
Uh, I'm... not really sure.
You know, Janet,
I was up late last night
trying to figure it out,
and mess, no mess...
I don't care.
We could finish this later.
This isn't how I practiced it,
but what the hell?
-(laughs): What are you doing?
-Janet...
...would you do me
the incredible honor
of being my wife?
(laughs):
Yes, all right!
I love you.
STEVE:
Oops.
Ooh.
STEVE (whispers):
There.
(laughs):
It's perfect.
How much longer, Doc?
The only thing left
is the sex of the baby.
Do you want to know?
No, we don't.
It turns out there aren't
enough surprises in life.
(laughs)
(phone rings)
Hello?
-Hi, David. It's Robyn.
-Robyn, hey. What's up?
Hi. I just called to wish you
good luck with the show tonight.
Thank you very much.
Hey, can't wait to hear
about the date.
What?
Hold on a second.
Huh? What are you talking about?
The date. The one
you set up on the air.
I predict record numbers
tuning to hear how it went.
Oh, well, people
are gonna be disappointed,
'cause I'm not talking about it.
Uh-huh. Like they're gonna
let you talk about
something else? (laughs)
Sorry about that.
No problem.
Listen, you're busy.
Um, I just called to let
you know that I'd be listening.
ROBYN:
Okay?
So, um... bye.
Bye.
(laughs)
Hi.
Hey. Thanks for coming down.
-I owe you.
-Well, yesterday you thought
you owed Wayne.
You sure it wasn't the response
of them that made you
change your mind?
Yeah, I'm sure.
I just don't like
to be reminded all the time.
It's over, you know that.
I know.
It's this whole, uh,
starting over thing.
-Yeah?
-Exactly which part
would you like to start at?
What do you suggest?
I like this right here.
-Hm?
-How about this?
I like that.
(laughs)
Mm.
All right,
let's go to the phones.
Bill, you're on.
BILL: Hey!
I want details on the date!
Lost you, Bill.
Chuck, how you doing?
CHUCK:
I got 20 bucks says you scored.
Did I win or lose?
Doug. What's up, buddy?
DYLAN: Doesn't feel good
being on the other end, does it?
Having people talk about you.
Or are you just
not answering questions
because the date was a bust?
Doug, I'm not
answering questions
because it's
nobody else's business.
(chuckles)
In other words,
you crashed and burned,
huh, tough guy?
-No.
-So you scored?
Or is it a question of,
those who can do,
and those who can't
just talk about it
on the radio?
(click)
You guys want to hear
about my date?
Fine.
(knocking on door)
Hi.
Hey.
You know, I, uh, I've been
thinking about what you said,
expecting to be unhappy, and,
uh, well, you shouldn't have to.
Then why do you?
Well, I didn't
before losing Lauren, and...
after, I guess it just
made things easier.
Protected against the down side.
(exhales)
That's no way to live.
(laughs softly)
Uh, my client,
the one we saw last night,
she and her husband
decided to reconcile.
Really?
Mm-hmm.
Did you hear
about Steve and Janet?
Mm, yes, I did.
Don't look now,
but you are surrounded
by happily-ever-after.
I hope so.
(beeping)
ANSWERING MACHINE:
It's Robyn.
I want you to know that I have
never been more humiliated.
Asking me out on the air
was one thing,
but talking about what we did
and how we kissed
when you knew that I was
listening to the show?
I'm sorry, but that
is just plain cruel.
(click, dial tone drones)
Hey, where you been?
I was trying to call you.
I have been in Reseda.
I actually rented an apartment
in beautiful Reseda.
I put a first and last down
in Reseda.
And don't give me
the speech about
this is the best thing for me,
because it's not.
Well, then luckily for me,
I have a fallback.
-Oh, I could get violent.
-Even if I said
I don't want you
to live in Reseda?
My worst enemy wouldn't want me
to live in Reseda.
Well, then how about if I said
I want you to stay at the hotel?
What'd you say?
(laughs):
Will you pinch me?
-What'd you just say?
-I want you to stay
at the hotel, and I've
made all the arrangements.
Oh, my God, you...
(laughs):
Oh...
Oh, I just knew...
I mean, I didn't... I didn't...
I didn't know that
you would come around,
but I just... I hoped
that you would come around.
Oh, we'll have so much fun
living together.
Yeah. Well, you know, it's not
-exactly together.
-Yeah, you just said
-you want me to stay with you.
-In the hotel.
-Oh.
-See, I got you a room,
and it's one floor below,
and just for kicks,
I entered you in as Mrs. McKay.
Wait, you-you signed me in
as your wife,
but you got me a separate room?
Hey, you can
kiss Reseda good-bye.
Yeah, along with my self-esteem.
You know, I-I thought
you wanted to stay here.
Dylan, I...
did want to stay here.
I wanted to stay...
here with you, you know,
as your girlfriend.
(Dylan sighs)
Not down the hall
like some concubine.
You make it sound cheap.
Well, it feels cheap.
-You want it or not?
-No, I don't. What-what...
a separate room
for services rendered?
I guess that's what
you think I deserve.
I thought white
would be good either way,
boy or girl.
We can get unisex stuff
and then fill in
with the right color later.
I'm so sorry.
For what?
(crying quietly)
For pushing you away.
For saying no.
For being an idiot.
(sighs)
Come here.
(Janet sniffles)
I was just so scared, you know?
That I'd let you get close to me
and that, one day,
you'd leave me.
That you'd realize that...
you married me
for all the wrong reasons.
That's not gonna happen.
I love you...
and like it or not,
you're stuck with me.
(whispers):
I like it.
(Janet sniffles)
I have a surprise for you.
-You do?
-Yes.
What is it?
I think it's the most beautiful
baby I've ever seen.
That's because this baby
looks just like its mother.